[Intro Animation]
[Brianna's Intro]
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
So, my favourite class, I'd say was probably concept sketching with Andrea.
Just because it was right up my alley and it was always a class I looked forward to.
I do also have to mention though Typography class with Greg because although it was really difficult, I did really learn a lot.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite adobe application. I'd have to say hands down Illustrator's my favourite.
I use it for as many things as I can before opening up any other application honestly.
[What is your favourite colour?]
Favourite colour. I wouldn't say I have one specific favourite colour.
I do have a love for any shade of teal, pink, or red however.
You know, teal makes me think of being at a beach, you know, feet in the sand, pink is just fun, and red has like this attitude that I just love.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Passions and hobbies.
In my spare time I like to read, I like to bake, draw, and of course Netflix binge.
I am also an assistant manager at a restaurant so that takes up most of my time as well.
[What is your favourite font?]
My favourite font would have to be anything scripty honestly.
I feel like they have so much personality. They can be sassy, they can be simple, they can be cute.
Only problem with script fonts is that you have to know when to use them and when not to use them.
[Outro Animation]